It's alright, it's alright, it's alright
It's alright, it's alright
The earthquake stopped.
Ah!
Oops, there's really an earthquake.
How is that possible?
There really was an earthquake.
Tiancheng is a plain
How can an earthquake happen?
Yaoyao, we missed Dad just now
Should I apologize to my dad?
Dad, I'm sorry, don't be angry with Yaoyao, okay?
Oh silly boy
Dad loves you too late
How can I blame you?
Brothers
Thanks to Brother Qin for pulling us into the fountain
How did you save a life?
New brothers can kill a life
Yeah bro
We did something wrong just now.
Please don't share your knowledge with us.
You're welcome.
It's all what I should do
What is this?
Thanks to you bro we saved a life
We have to thank you for everything
Yeah, what's a job?
What is money
Life is the most important thing
Ah yes yes yes
It would be nice to be alive
Yes, if you really want to thank me
Then please
Please support our domestic mobile phones a lot.
The scientific and technological development of our country
I need everyone's support.
My mom's company is called Gorgeous
Gorgeous, I have heard of big domestic brands
Don't worry.
In the future, I will switch to gorgeous.
Not only me
Everyone in our company is gorgeous.
How is it?
I'm going to buy a fancy phone tomorrow too
Support domestic production
Support gorgeous friends around you, thank you all.
Thank you for supporting domestic mobile phones.
Didn't you predict a local earthquake?
What are you proud of?
What!
Gorgeous factory in Tiancheng collapsed in an earthquake
Lost tens of millions
It's over. It's over.
Hahaha predicted earthquakes, so what?
Gorgeous is not going bankrupt
Starting today, Breeze, you will be living on the streets
Become the old man referred to by the ex-husband